This document describes the policy for management of this repository's
``webroot``, which contains documents intended for static sharing at
http://pid.emory.edu/ns/.

Persistent URLs served from this repository should begin with the pattern
``YYYY/ssss``, where ``YYYY`` is the year in which the name is first
allocated, and ``ssss`` is a mnemonic name of any length that identifies the
project. Each document committed in that directory is a stable web resource.
These stable web resources should never be removed, though their content
should be updated to reflect any changes, including ultimate deprecation.
Non-persistent supplemental resources such as incidental image and style
data may be maintained in directories which do not match the pattern for
persistent resources.

Each persistent project directory should include an ``index.html``
describing the project and providing an entry point to the documents we
publish for it. External links into the project index itself should end with
the project's mnemonic (directory) name and a ``/``, expecting our web
server to infer the final ``index.html``. When adding other documents to the
project root, consider the persistent URL that the document should inhabit
on the Web, referencing `Cool URIs don't change
<http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI>`_ for URL allocation principles. For
example, if you want to serve the URL ``2001/a-space-odyssey/plot`` as HTML
content, then create a file in this repository named
``2001/a-space-odyssey/plot.html`` and trust Apache to serve it at the URL
you've designated.

This policy document draws inspiration from the W3Câ€™s `URI Persistence
Policy <http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Persistence>`_ and their `policy on
namespace URIs <http://www.w3.org/2005/07/13-nsuri>`_. Our policy should be
expected to remain inspired by those and grow more similar to them over
time.
