This svn repository manages an Emory Libraries web namespace. Specifically,
the documents in the ``webroot`` directory are intended to be mounted
directly under http://pid.emory.edu/ns/. This enables Emory Libraries to
participate in the creation of simple, static metadata and ontology
documentation using simple, stable URIs. Other directories in this
repository (including the top-level checkout) are for management scripts and
meta-documentation (like this README).

Maintainers are strongly encouraged to read and understand Tim Berners-Lee's
classic `Cool URIs don't change <http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI>`_.
Apache httpd provides several directives that support the principles
described in that document. `Options +MultiViews
<http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/mod/core.html#options>`_ enables us to
publish web links without extensions while still using extensions for the
related filenames. For instance, with ``MultiViews`` enabled, we can create
a file named ``2001/a-space-odyssey/plot.html`` and link to the document
using the url ``2001/a-space-odyssey/plot``. Similarly, `DirectoryIndex
<http://httpd.apache.org/docs/2.2/mod/mod_dir.html#directoryindex>`_ will
allow us to create ``2001/a-space-odyssey/index.html`` and serve the content
at ``2001/a-space-odyssey/``.

Organization of the webroot is documented in ``POLICY``.

Research into Web architecture is particularly illuminating on the nature,
allocation, and use of URIs as names. For more information about this topic,
I recommend `Cool URIs Don't Change
<http://www.w3.org/Provider/Style/URI>`_, `Architecture of the World Wide
Web, Volume One, section 2: "Identification"
<http://www.w3.org/TR/webarch/#identification>`_, and more broadly the work
of the `W3C Technical Architecture Group <http://www.w3.org/2001/tag/>`_.
